#69 Review Webpage 1 (#71)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/reference/developer_guide/developing_custom_catalogs.md

- **As a User Catalog**: Use the [Catalog Manager](../catalogs#the-catalog-manager) to source the catalog file and add it to Shift. This catalog is saved in the user preferences.
- **As an Environment Catalog**: Add the **path to the directory** containing the catalog file to the `SHIFT_CATALOG_PATH` environment variable. All files in this path containing a `catalog` object will be identified as custom catalogs and loaded by Shift.

>[!WARNING]

> > Avoid naming custom catalogs as existing Python modules. Failing to do so may cause clashing issues between modules in Shift. It is recommended to add a prefix or suffix to custom catalogs to identify them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Avoid naming custom catalogs after existing Python modules, as this may cause conflicts between modules in Shift. It is recommended to add a prefix or suffix to custom catalog names for easier identification.
```

> >[!WARNING]
> > Avoid naming custom catalogs after existing Python modules, as this may cause conflicts between modules in Shift. It is recommended to add a prefix or suffix to custom catalog names for easier identification.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>[!WARNING]
> It is strongly suggested to avoid naming custom catalogs after existing Python modules or packages, as this may cause namespace clashes. It is recommended to add a prefix or suffix to custom catalog names for unique identification of the catalog module.

```
